body bags are lined up outside gaza's
biggest Hospital the labels written in
Arabic read unknown children other
unknown body parts it is too dangerous
to leave the compound so staff are
preparing to bury them in a mass grave
on Hospital grounds inside a facility
designed for 700 patients is treating
5,000 and Sheltering thousands
more
without power ventilators and incubators
have shut down even the morgs are
useless now are collapsing totally they
are planning now to do like uh a
collective grave so they can avoid a bad
Health crisis uh water now is not
available electricity as as well is not
available the UN High Commissioner for
human rights vulka Turk has condemned
the Israeli Army for targeting hospitals
saying International humanitarian law is
Clear Medical units must be protected
and respected at all times in spite of
the shelling some people have fled the
hospital and are risking it on their
own what happened to this baby she was
born at 6:30 in the morning and at 9:00
a.m. we fled she and her mother
WR and this is what they are fleeing
Israeli forces who've laid Siege to Gaza
City the Army say their soldiers are
advancing Street by Street accompanied
by tanks and snipers and supported from
the air by fighter
jets but with Israeli air strikes
continuing across the entire Gaza Strip
there aren't many places left for people
to feel
safe imagin Kimber Al jazer
want